Commands:

!brewlette spin
	Spins the brewlette wheel using the default method. The default method can be changed using !brewlette set-default <params>.
	
!brewlette [spin|vote] [[role|all|online|active|custom] [custom-users]]
	spin
		Spins the brewlette wheel, selecting a winner at random.
	vote
		Initiates a vote as to who will be the winner.
		Reactions of "A" to "Z" will be shown with a legend list allowing members to click the appropriate reaction to register their vote.
		Once the timer expires, the member with the most votes will be deemed the winner.
		In the event of a tie, the winner is picked randomly from those with the most votes.
		Note that if more than 26 members are eligible, 26 will be picked at random.
	method
		Sets the method used to determine which members are eligible. Defaults to the last used method if omitted.
		- role
			All members of the given role are eligible, whether online or offline.
		- all
			Sets all members of the server as eligible.
		- online
			Similar to the all option, but only members whose status is currently online (including those who are idle or do not disturb) are eligible.
		- active
			Similar to the online option, but excludes those who are idle or do not disturb.
		- custom
			Uses a custom list of names. 
			- custom-users
				Specifies the names of those eligible via a comma-seperated string. Names with spaces should be quoted. These don't need to be discord member names.

!brewlette channel [channel]
	Sets the channel in which brewlette messages appear. If omitted or invalid, messages will appear in the channel from which they were initiated.
	

Usage examples:

!brewlette spin
	Spins the brewlette wheel using the last used method. If no previous method exists, the default will be online-members.
!brewlette spin role brewer
	Spins the brewlette wheel for all members with the "brewer" role.
!brewlette spin all
	Spins the brewlette wheel for all members of the server.
!brewlette vote online
	Begins a vote for all online, idle or do not disturb members.
!brewlette vote active
	Begins a vote for all online (not idle or do not disturb) members.
!brewlette spin custom Stephen,Billy,Jamie,Simon
	Spins the brewlette wheel for the names Stephen, Billy, Jamie and Simon.
!brewlette vote custom "Stephen Waugh","Billy Budd",Jamie,Simon,"Philip Rawle"
	Initialites a vote for the names Stephen Waugh, Billy Budd, Jamie, Simon and Philip Rawle.

!brewlette channel tea-room
	Directs messages to the "#tea-room" channel.

!brewlette prefix %
	Changes the brewlette prefix to % (e.g. members can then use "% spin" instead of "!brewlette spin").